README.md, before:

# Back End API Documentation

## Dependencies

- Express
- CORS
- Helmet
- Knex
- SQLite3
- Supertest
- Jest
- Nodemon
- Dotenv
- Cross-env
- BcryptJS
- JSON Web Tokens

## Download Project and Install Dependencies

- fork and clone this repository.
- **CD into the folder** where you downloaded the repository.
- run `npm i` to download all dependencies.

## Database Schema

### Users

| field        | data type        | metadata                                            |
| :----------- | :--------------- | :-------------------------------------------------- |
| id           | unsigned integer | primary key, auto-increments, generated by database |
| username    | string, 128 characters | username, required, unique.        |
| password  | string, hashed | required                                            |

### Projects Schema


| field        | data type        | metadata                                            |
| :----------- | :--------------- | :-------------------------------------------------- |
| project_id           | unsigned integer | primary key, auto-increments, generated by database |
| user_id  | string | joined with users table id, required                                            |
| title    | string, 256 characters | Required.       |
| description  | string | not required                                            |

- something goes here.

Commit message:

Updated database to include goal_amount, amount_received, and funding_completed boolean fields.

README.md, after:

# Back End API Documentation

## Dependencies

- Express
- CORS
- Helmet
- Knex
- SQLite3
- Supertest
- Jest
- Nodemon
- Dotenv
- Cross-env
- BcryptJS
- JSON Web Tokens

## Download Project and Install Dependencies

- fork and clone this repository.
- **CD into the folder** where you downloaded the repository.
- run `npm i` to download all dependencies.

## Database Schema

### Users

| field        | data type        | metadata                                            |
| :----------- | :--------------- | :-------------------------------------------------- |
| id           | unsigned integer | primary key, auto-increments, generated by database |
| username    | string, 128 characters | username, required, unique.        |
| password  | string, hashed | required                                            |

### Projects Schema


| field        | data type        | metadata                                            |
| :----------- | :--------------- | :-------------------------------------------------- |
| project_id           | unsigned integer | primary key, auto-increments, generated by database |
| user_id  | string | joined with users table id, required                                            |
| title    | string, 256 characters | Required.       |
| description  | string | not required                                            |
| goal_amount  | string | not required                                            |
| amount_received  | string | not required                                            |

- something goes here.
